---
{
  "title": "3 - Feedback Loop",
  "slt": ["101.3"],
  "type": "Lesson",
  "description": "",
  "videoURL": "",
  "lastEdited": "2024-01-24",
  "author": "Dework PBL Team"
}
---

## Welcome!

In this lesson, we're exploring how you can contribute your feedback throughout the course. It's your chance to help us refine and improve, ensuring a great learning experience for everyone. We appreciate your input! Please include your Discord handle in the forms to be acknowledged for your contributions. 

## How to Provide Your Feedback
The feedback forms can be found in module 401: Course Feedback. There are three types of feedback forms

### [Lesson Feedback Form](/course/module/401/4011)

**Purpose:** Noticed something that could be better in a lesson, or have an idea for an improvement? Here's where you can let us know.

**Tip:** If there are multiple lessons you think could benefit from similar feedback, feel free to address them all in one go.

### [Course Feedback Form](/course/module/401/4012)

**Purpose:** This form is your opportunity to share thoughts on the course overall. Whether it's content, structure, or something else, your suggestions for broader improvements are welcome here.

### [Sentiment Analysis Form](/course/module/401/4013)

**Purpose:** This form features a list of all the lessons, enabling you to rate them individually and provide specific feedback for any lesson of your choice.

Your feedback is a key part of our continuous improvement process. We're excited to hear from you and make the learning experience even better together.